										Task_810_A

Noora is a student of one famous high school. It's her final year in school — she is going to study in university next year. However, she has to get an «A» graduation certificate in order to apply to a prestigious one.

In school, where Noora is studying, teachers are putting down marks to the online class register, which are integers from 1 to k. The worst mark is 1, the best is k. Mark that is going to the certificate, is calculated as an average of all the marks, rounded to the closest integer. If several answers are possible, rounding up is produced. For example, 7.3 is rounded to 7, but 7.5 and 7.8784 — to 8.

For instance, if Noora has marks [8,?9], then the mark to the certificate is 9, because the average is equal to 8.5 and rounded to 9, but if the marks are [8,?8,?9], Noora will have graduation certificate with 8.

To graduate with «A» certificate, Noora has to have mark k.

Noora got n marks in register this year. However, she is afraid that her marks are not enough to get final mark k. Noora decided to ask for help in the internet, where hacker Leha immediately responded to her request. He is ready to hack class register for Noora and to add Noora any number of additional marks from 1 to k. At the same time, Leha want his hack be unseen to everyone, so he decided to add as less as possible additional marks. Please help Leha to calculate the minimal number of marks he has to add, so that final Noora's mark will become equal to k.
										Task_831_B

There are two popular keyboard layouts in Berland, they differ only in letters positions. All the other keys are the same. In Berland they use alphabet with 26 letters which coincides with English alphabet.

You are given two strings consisting of 26 distinct letters each: all keys of the first and the second layouts in the same order.

You are also given some text consisting of small and capital English letters and digits. It is known that it was typed in the first layout, but the writer intended to type it in the second layout. Print the text if the same keys were pressed in the second layout.

Since all keys but letters are the same in both layouts, the capitalization of the letters should remain the same, as well as all other characters.

										Task_820_A

Mister B once received a gift: it was a book about aliens, which he started read immediately. This book had c pages.

At first day Mister B read v0 pages, but after that he started to speed up. Every day, starting from the second, he read a pages more than on the previous day (at first day he read v0 pages, at second — v0?+?a pages, at third — v0?+?2a pages, and so on). But Mister B is just a human, so he physically wasn't able to read more than v1 pages per day.

Also, to refresh his memory, every day, starting from the second, Mister B had to reread last l pages he read on the previous day. Mister B finished the book when he read the last page for the first time.

Help Mister B to calculate how many days he needed to finish the book.

										Task_808_A

Apart from having lots of holidays throughout the year, residents of Berland also have whole lucky years. Year is considered lucky if it has no more than 1 non-zero digit in its number. So years 100, 40000, 5 are lucky and 12, 3001 and 12345 are not.

You are given current year in Berland. Your task is to find how long will residents of Berland wait till the next lucky year.

										Task_831_A

Array of integers is unimodal, if:

it is strictly increasing in the beginning;
after that it is constant;
after that it is strictly decreasing.
The first block (increasing) and the last block (decreasing) may be absent. It is allowed that both of this blocks are absent.

For example, the following three arrays are unimodal: [5,?7,?11,?11,?2,?1], [4,?4,?2], [7], but the following three are not unimodal: [5,?5,?6,?6,?1], [1,?2,?1,?2], [4,?5,?5,?6].

Write a program that checks if an array is unimodal.

										Task_828_A

In a small restaurant there are a tables for one person and b tables for two persons.

It it known that n groups of people come today, each consisting of one or two people.

If a group consist of one person, it is seated at a vacant one-seater table. If there are none of them, it is seated at a vacant two-seater table. If there are none of them, it is seated at a two-seater table occupied by single person. If there are still none of them, the restaurant denies service to this group.

If a group consist of two people, it is seated at a vacant two-seater table. If there are none of them, the restaurant denies service to this group.

You are given a chronological order of groups coming. You are to determine the total number of people the restaurant denies service to.

										Task_799_A

In some game by Playrix it takes t minutes for an oven to bake k carrot cakes, all cakes are ready at the same moment t minutes after they started baking. Arkady needs at least n cakes to complete a task, but he currently don't have any. However, he has infinitely many ingredients and one oven. Moreover, Arkady can build one more similar oven to make the process faster, it would take d minutes to build the oven. While the new oven is being built, only old one can bake cakes, after the new oven is built, both ovens bake simultaneously. Arkady can't build more than one oven.

Determine if it is reasonable to build the second oven, i.e. will it decrease the minimum time needed to get n cakes or not. If the time needed with the second oven is the same as with one oven, then it is unreasonable.

										Task_834_A

Walking through the streets of Marshmallow City, Slastyona have spotted some merchants selling a kind of useless toy which is very popular nowadays – caramel spinner! Wanting to join the craze, she has immediately bought the strange contraption.

Spinners in Sweetland have the form of V-shaped pieces of caramel. Each spinner can, well, spin around an invisible magic axis. At a specific point in time, a spinner can take 4 positions shown below (each one rotated 90 degrees relative to the previous, with the fourth one followed by the first one):


After the spinner was spun, it starts its rotation, which is described by a following algorithm: the spinner maintains its position for a second then majestically switches to the next position in clockwise or counter-clockwise order, depending on the direction the spinner was spun in.

Slastyona managed to have spinner rotating for exactly n seconds. Being fascinated by elegance of the process, she completely forgot the direction the spinner was spun in! Lucky for her, she managed to recall the starting position, and wants to deduct the direction given the information she knows. Help her do this.

										Task_821_A

Okabe needs to renovate the Future Gadget Laboratory after he tried doing some crazy experiments! The lab is represented as an n by n square grid of integers. A good lab is defined as a lab in which every number not equal to 1 can be expressed as the sum of a number in the same row and a number in the same column. In other words, for every x,?y such that 1???x,?y???n and ax,?y???1, there should exist two indices s and t so that ax,?y?=?ax,?s?+?at,?y, where ai,?j denotes the integer in i-th row and j-th column.

Help Okabe determine whether a given lab is good!

										Task_817_B

After returning from the army Makes received a gift — an array a consisting of n positive integer numbers. He hadn't been solving problems for a long time, so he became interested to answer a particular question: how many triples of indices (i,? j,? k) (i?<?j?<?k), such that ai·aj·ak is minimum possible, are there in the array? Help him with it!

										Task_798_B

Mike has n strings s1,?s2,?...,?sn each consisting of lowercase English letters. In one move he can choose a string si, erase the first character and append it to the end of the string. For example, if he has the string "coolmike", in one move he can transform it into the string "oolmikec".

Now Mike asks himself: what is minimal number of moves that he needs to do in order to make all the strings equal?

										Task_830_B

Vasily has a deck of cards consisting of n cards. There is an integer on each of the cards, this integer is between 1 and 100?000, inclusive. It is possible that some cards have the same integers on them.

Vasily decided to sort the cards. To do this, he repeatedly takes the top card from the deck, and if the number on it equals the minimum number written on the cards in the deck, then he places the card away. Otherwise, he puts it under the deck and takes the next card from the top, and so on. The process ends as soon as there are no cards in the deck. You can assume that Vasily always knows the minimum number written on some card in the remaining deck, but doesn't know where this card (or these cards) is.

You are to determine the total number of times Vasily takes the top card from the deck.




